Expand Jenkins variable in taskTemplate clause. (#6)
multani/nomad-pipeline: README.md

### `taskTemplate`

* `name`: name of Nomad task group to run. It specifies value for

>   `TaskGroups/Name` in Nomad Job definition.

Reviewer: I would link directly to the relevant Nomad job specification configuration in that case (which would be https://nomadproject.io/docs/job-specification/group/ , although there's no direct `name` attribute for a group.)

> * `image`: image identifier to use for the job. Specifies value for
>   `TaskGroups/Tasks/Config/image` in Nomad Job definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `image`: Docker image identifier to use for the job. Specifies value for
  [a task's Docker image](https://nomadproject.io/docs/drivers/docker/#inlinecode-image-16) in 
  a Nomad job definition.
```
